Privacy Policy

Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) carefully.  This Privacy Policy describes what information OpenSpace Pty Ltd (“we”, “us” or “our”) collects about you, including how we collect it, how we use it, with whom we may share it and what choices you have regarding our use of your information.  This Privacy Policy applies to (i) information collected on the OpenSpace website (the “Site”) located at [URL FOR WEBSITE], (ii) the OpenSpace application (the “Application”), (iii) any associated Content (as defined in the Terms of Use), material or functionality contained on or accessed through the Site and the Application (the “Services”), (collectively, the “System”). This Privacy Policy explains our views and practices regarding your information (including your Personal Data, as defined below) and how it will be treated and processed by us.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, references to “OpenSpace” shall include OpenSpace and all of its members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, agents, and employees. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms of Use of the System located [https://github.com/openspacevr/openspace/blob/master/Privacy%20Policy] (the “Terms of Use”) [URL FOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS] We encourage you to become familiar with the terms and conditions of both this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. By accessing and using the System, or any part thereof, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and that in exchange for access to the System, you accept and consent to the privacy practices (and any uses and disclosures of information about you) that are described in this Privacy Policy. 

We update our Privacy Policy from time to time so please do review our Privacy Policy regularly. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All such updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice thereof, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice which is accessible via the Application (or otherwise via the System). You should view this Privacy Policy often to stay informed of changes that may affect you, as your continued use of the System signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We expressly reserve the right to make any changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you.  Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which were in force on each respective date you visited the System. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party other than OpenSpace Pty Ltd.

Information That We Collect

We may collect and process the following data from or about you in connection with your use of, or your Submissions (as defined in our Terms of Use) to, the System (collectively, the “Collected Information”). Submissions shall include any information, communications, or material of any type or nature that you submit to the System or any of our pages contained on a social media platform or website by e-mail, posting, messaging, uploading, downloading, or otherwise. Collected Information shall include the “Personal Data” and “Non-Personal Information” described below:
Information you give us. For example, when you register or subscribe to use the System, when you contact us by any means, place orders with us, report any issues, this information may include your first and last name, phone number, an email address, credit or debit card information (such as credit card number, expiration date, and security code) or any other information which may be used to identify an individual (collectively, “Personal Data”).
Information we collect. This includes information about your use of and interaction with the System, which information may include, For example details of your visits such as length of visit, pages viewed, links clicked on or hovered over, selections made, features used, preferences set, resources that you access, search terms, page response times, errors, page interaction information, page and site exit methods, technical information (e.g. Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you are using to access the System, browser information, operating system), internet service provider, time zone information, traffic data, location data and other communication data, and any other information collected as further described in this Privacy Policy (“Non-Personal Information”).
Information we receive from other sources. We may also receive or purchase certain information about you from other sites or services we or third party providers operate  (e.g. business partners, advertisers, analytics providers etc.) (the “Third Party Information”) (in each case, before such information is provided to us, you should have been asked by such providers to give consent).
We do not monitor or record the experiences of System users, except where we have stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere.

Location-based Information

Some features of our System may use location information that is provided by your device. Before location information can be collected or used, you must first consent to these features. We do not operate location information tracking software ourselves, but some of our service providers may do so and share this information with us. This in most cases will involve the capturing of the IP address assigned to you only on the date you visit the System, rather than your name or other identifying information. By using the System, you consent to the use of location information tracking. If you do not consent, do not use the System. Accordingly, by using the System, our service providers may  automatically collect and store location information from a device you  are using to access the System which is capable of producing location data (e.g., mobile device or tablet). This location information may include your current location or places you have recently visited. Our service providers may aggregate this information and share it with us. If you do not wish for us or our service providers to collect and store this information, do not use the System. For more information on this subject, see below in the section entitled “Cookies”.
Children’s Privacy

To register for an account on the System or request certain Services, you must be at least 18 years of age or older and have reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction. If you are under the age 18 years old or have not yet reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction, you may only use the System with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. Please note, however, you must be 13 years of age or over to use our Site or Service. Some areas of our Site and Service may be age-restricted and if you are under 18, you may not be able to access such areas.

We strive to be fully compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) of 1998, 15 U.S.C.§§ 6501-6505, and strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 on the System. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE OUR SITE OR SERVICE WITH OR WITHOUT PARENTAL CONSENT.  

We do not require your child, who is over 13 years of age (but not over 18 years old), to provide more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to use the applicable Services or portion of the System.  Furthermore, if you would like to review personally identifiable information about your child that we have on file, or request that certain information be changed or deleted, please contact us by sending an e-mail to openspacevrdev@gmail.com.

If a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information on the System, we ask that a parent or guardian send an e-mail to openspacevrdev@gmail.com or call us at +44 (0)151 558 1360, and we will delete the child’s personally identifiable information from our files. If a child over the age of 13, (but under 18 years of age) has provided personally identifiable information on the System without the consent of his or her parent or guardian, we ask that a parent or guardian send an e-mail to openspacevrdev@gmail.com or call us at +44 (0)151 558 1360, and we will delete the child’s personally identifiable information from our files.

Cookies

We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the System to provide you with a better experience and to improve the System. For detailed information on cookies and how we use them see our Cookie Policy.

Certain portions of the System may use Google Analytics (including the Universal Analytics feature), a web analysis service provided by Google, in order to better understand your use of the System and how we can improve the System. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the System, what portions they visit, when they do so, and what websites or online features they used prior to coming to the System. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the System, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through our use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics may plant a permanent cookie on your device to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the System, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the System is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of the System, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the System to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects on the System, please review “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”, (located here or any successor URL). If you would like additional information regarding the security and privacy practices of Google’s Universal Analytics feature, please review the materials provided by Google here. 

Some of the areas of the System may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow OpenSpace Pty Ltd, and its third party providers or affiliates, to count and track users who have visited certain portions of the System. Web beacons collect only limited information, including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides.  Web beacons used by us or our service providers may collect any of your personal information.

Where we store your personal data

Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the System, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.

We are currently using a third party server based in the United States, provided by Amazon and are subject to Amazon’s terms and conditions. We reserve the right to change location and server providers without notice. In operating the System we will transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your Personal Data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing.

If you are visiting the System, or any part thereof, from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy.  By using any portion of the System, you understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

Security of Your Information

The Application and information we store on our servers is not currently encrypted. We encrypt account passwords and data in transit. Unfortunately information on the internet is not completely secure. On occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us. We do not represent or warrant that the Application is secure or that data you provide will be protected against loss, misuse, attacks, or alteration by third parties. Providing such data is entirely at your own risk.

Use of Your Information

OpenSpace Pty Ltd may use the information we collect for various purposes, including (i) providing certain Services to you; (ii) providing regulatory required communications; (iii) opening, maintaining, and closing accounts; (iv) payment processing; (v) marketing activities; (vi) fulfilment; (vii) improving the System's content, materials, and services; and (viii) more effectively and efficiently responding to both current and future customer inquiries.

We never give your Personal Data to third parties to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services, unless you have consented expressly for us to do so.

Information you give us. In addition to the uses mentioned or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use, we, and all of our members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, agents, and employees and our respective third party service providers may use Collected Information:

to provide Services to you;

to provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or Services;

if you have previously purchased goods or Services from us, to provide you details of similar goods or Services;

to provide information to you relating to other products or Services that may be of interest to you;

to conduct certain targeted marketing activities specific to you;

to facilitate and otherwise address certain inquiries, requests, subscriptions, or business transactions and relationships with OpenSpace Pty Ltd or any of our affiliates;

to respond to your questions or requests for information about or from OpenSpace Pty Ltd or any of our affiliates or trusted business partners;

to inform you of any changes to the System, Services or goods and products;

to ensure compliance with OpenSpace Pty Ltd policies and applicable laws;

for fraud protection, credit risk reductions, and collection activities;

for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose;

to administer the System and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, analytics, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;

to improve the System;

to ensure that content from the System is presented in the most effective manner for you and your devices;

to allow you to participate in interactive features of the System, when you choose to do so;

as part of our efforts to keep the System safe and secure;

to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and

to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the System about goods or services that may interest you or them.

Information we receive from other sources

We may combine the Third Party Information with the Collected Information. We may use information received from other sources (including information that is combined with Collected Information as described above) for the purposes set out above.

OpenSpace Pty Ltd may also use various analytics tools and technologies regarding how users interact with the various portions of the System that require storage of web session data. These tools and technologies are used to assist System users by using cookies and scripts (as described in the Cookie Policy) to collect and store information such as how users interact with the System, errors users encounter when using the System, device identifiers, how often users visit certain portions or components of the System, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to using to the System.  Stored web session data used by such analytics services or tools is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Disclosure of your information

We will not disclose your Personal Data to any other party other than in accordance with our Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:

In addition to the uses mentioned or described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use, we may also share your Collected Information with our members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, agents, and employees and our respective third party service providers for the following purposes:

Where third parties are required in order to provide Services, we may disclose your Collected Information (including Personal Data) to such third parties.

For any lawful purpose.

We may record, preserve or disclose Collected Information (including Personal Data):

where we are obliged by law, regulation, legal process or governmental request;
to further fraud or security protection and reduce the risk of fraud;
to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or terms or conditions of supply and other agreements;
to the extent we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities; and

to protect the rights, property or safety of OpenSpace Pty Ltd (including its members, affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, agents, and employees), our customers or others.

We do not sell, rent, or lease our user lists or the identity of individual users to third parties. However, OpenSpace Pty Ltd may use and disclose certain aggregated, anonymized information, such as System usage data, to our members, affiliates, subsidiaries, or trusted business partners.  However, we may provide anonymous or aggregated data (such as System usage data) which does not identify any particular individual to our members, affiliates, subsidiaries, or trusted business partners, such as advertisers, advertising networks, analytics and search engine providers and other third parties. Such information may also be shared with other users or the general public for advertising, informational, or comparison purposes.

Also, subject to any legal or contractual limitations on such use, we may, from time to time, utilize or cooperate with a number of trusted business and marketing partners, business tenants of our premises, development partners, or other trusted entities in delivering certain content, materials, and other opportunities.  As part of this utilization or cooperation, we may provide such entities with certain Collected Information about you in order to provide you with various opportunities or services, including opportunities and services advertised or offered through or in connection with the System.  For example, we may provide your Collected Information to an affiliate, member, third party provider, or another trusted third party entity to re-target certain advertising to you on different portions of the System, for market or user modelling, provision of services or opportunities accessed or advertised via the System, or use in direct advertising through the System or via other means.  To the extent necessary for purposes of communicating with you or fulfilling your requests for such content, materials, and opportunities, we may share Collected Information with any of the entities that we elect to share such information with, subject to any legal or contractual limitations.  We, our affiliates, or our respective trusted business parties and third party services providers may also produce reports on the System's traffic or usage patterns and share these reports with us, or our business partners and others, but the information contained in these reports is anonymous and does not allow identification of any specific individual.  OpenSpace Pty Ltd also may release Collected Information in connection with joint marketing efforts and strategic alliances. 

As OpenSpace Pty Ltd grows and develops its business, it is possible that its corporate structure or organization might change or that it might merge or otherwise combine with, or that it or portions of its business might be acquired by, another company.  In any such transactions, customer information generally is, and should be expected to be, one of the transferred business assets.  Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may be considered a company asset that may be sold or transferred to third parties.

Your rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes.  Where we have an obligation to do so, we will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your Personal Data if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your Personal Data to any third party for such purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at openspacevrdev@gmail.com.

What Information Do We Collect for Sweepstakes, Promotions, Contests & Surveys?

On the System, you may wish to participate in online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time.  Participation in these polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and promotions is completely voluntary; you have a choice about whether or not to disclose information required to enter. Information requested may include personal contact information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, username, and/or similar information.  In addition, as noted above, we may share this information with our members, affiliates, subsidiaries and trusted business partners.  Through these online polls, surveys and promotions, you may choose to participate in activities such as sharing information found on the System with others and sending email invitations.  In connection with any online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that we may offer from time to time via the System, we use the information you provide to administer the polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions.  Subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, we also may use the information to communicate with you, or the other people you select, about our services or our marketing partners may use such information to communicate with you about the online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or their products and services. 

What Choices Do You Have?

When submitting information, corresponding, making requests for information, and otherwise interacting with OpenSpace Pty Ltd and its representatives through or in connection with the System, you choose what information to supply or submit, whether you wish to receive further information, and how you may be contacted.  Please take care to share only such information as is needed or that you believe is appropriate. Note, however, that if you do not provide certain requested information, it may prevent us from providing certain Services to you and could also prevent you from taking full advantage of the System (or some portion thereof) and its capabilities, or cause some features of the System to function improperly.  Any promotional email we send to you will contain a link which will allow you to opt out of receiving any further correspondence. If you have created an online account, you may have the ability to change your correspondence preferences by logging into your account and selecting your preferences.

You can request removal of your Personal Data from our databases by contacting us at openspacevrdev@gmail.com. To honor your request, we will need the exact information you want removed and information sufficient for us to identify the type of communication you received from us.

How Can I Opt-Out of Promotional Correspondence?

Those individuals who provide us with any Submission, create an account on the Application, or otherwise evince an interest in or consent to receiving communications from OpenSpace Pty Ltd may receive email or other communications from us electronically.  We consider, and you hereby acknowledge and agree, that providing a Submission or creating an account on the Application (or otherwise through the System) constitutes valid consent to receive messages or other communications from OpenSpace Pty Ltd. However, if you would no longer like to receive emailed special offer information, notifications or other messages from us, please click the link at the bottom of any email you receive from us and follow the instructions.  Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.  Please note that even if you opt-out as described above and unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law, OpenSpace Pty Ltd will retain your Collected Information for analytical purposes and other internal purposes including an ability to reconnect you with such Collected Information if you later opt-in to any of the data sharing, use or communications set forth above. 

Third Party Links

The System may, from time to time, contain links to third party sites or applications (the “Linked Websites”).  Although we only try to include quality, safe and relevant links to third party sites, users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout the System.  If you follow a link to any of these Linked Websites, please note that these Linked Websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. 

We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any Linked Website.  Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk, and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve the Linked Website’s policy towards visitor privacy.  You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personally identifiable information.
Social Media Platforms

The System may use social sharing buttons and other interactions which share web content directly from the System to the social media platform and vice versa.  Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note this may be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such other social media platforms and that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.

Any Submissions are made at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy.  We cannot control the actions of other users of the System or any social media platform and are therefore not responsible for any Submissions contained on a social media platform or website (or which are viewable on the System by other users). Additionally, by visiting any of our pages that are contained on any social media platform or website, you are representing and warranting to us that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of such website or social media platform and that you will abide by all such provisions contained therein.

California Privacy Rights

Under California law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personally identifiable information, such as name, e-mail, and mailing address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the name and address of all such third parties.  To request the above information, please email OpenSpace Pty Ltd at openspacevrdev@gmail.com with a reference to California Disclosure Information. 

California and Delaware Do Not Track Disclosures

California and Delaware law require OpenSpace Pty Ltd to indicate whether it honors “Do Not Track” settings in your browser concerning targeted advertising.  “Do Not Track” is a standard that is currently under development. As it is not yet finalized, OpenSpace Pty Ltd adheres to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and does not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests.

Information relating to third parties

You should not provide us with any information relating to any other person without first providing that person with a copy of our Privacy Policy, informing them that they will be bound by our Privacy Policy and obtaining their prior written consent to you submitting such information on their behalf.

Changes to our Privacy Policy

Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page.

Contact

Please contact us with any questions, comments and requests regarding our Privacy Policy via email to openspacevrdev@gmail.com.  If you correspond with OpenSpace Pty Ltd through the System or via email, the Collected Information may include the content of, and metadata regarding, any correspondence you may have with us.  We may share your messages with those within our organization that are most capable of addressing the issues contained in your message.  We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your concerns.  We may archive your message for a certain period of time and will discard it upon the earlier of when we no longer need it to respond to your request or when required by law.   
Acknowledgement

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SYSTEM, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND CONSENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, AND TO THE USES AND DISCLOSURES OF COLLECTED INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, THAT ARE DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF USE REFERENCED ABOVE.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 18th of May, 2017.
